dm1	D. melanogaster
equCab2	Horse
oryLat2	Medaka
sacCer1	S. cerevisiae
dp2	D. pseudoobscura
cb1	C. briggsae
hg16	Human
rn3	Rat
galGal3	Chicken
droWil1	D. willistoni
danRer4	Zebrafish
xenTro2	X. tropicalis
panTro2	Chimp
mm8	Mouse
monDom4	Opossum
rn4	Rat
strPur1	S. purpuratus
fr1	Fugu
panTro1	Chimp
galGal2	Chicken
ce2	C. elegans
rheMac1	Rhesus
mm6	Mouse
xenTro1	X. tropicalis
canFam1	Dog
ci1	C. intestinalis
mm5	Mouse
hg17	Human
droYak1	D. yakuba
danRer1	Zebrafish
anoGam1	A. gambiae
tetNig1	Tetraodon
droMoj1	D. mojavensis
apiMel2	A. mellifera
droVir1	D. virilis
droAna1	D. ananassae
apiMel1	A. mellifera
danRer2	Zebrafish
monDom1	Opossum
dm2	D. melanogaster
dp3	D. pseudoobscura
droSim1	D. simulans
mm3	Mouse
ci2	C. intestinalis
droVir2	D. virilis
droMoj2	D. mojavensis
droEre1	D. erecta
bosTau2	Cow
droAna2	D. ananassae
droGri1	D. grimshawi
mm7	Mouse
canFam2	Dog
dasNov1	Armadillo
loxAfr1	Elephant
monDom2	Opossum
danRer3	Zebrafish
oryCun1	Rabbit
echTel1	Tenrec
droPer1	D. persimilis
droYak2	D. yakuba
droSec1	D. sechellia
rheMac2	Rhesus
hg18	Human
dp4	D. pseudoobscura
droEre2	D. erecta
triCas1	T. castaneum
droVir3	D. virilis
droAna3	D. ananassae
droMoj3	D. mojavensis
droGri2	D. grimshawi
triCas2	T. castaneum
felCat3	Cat
gasAcu1	Stickleback
oryLat1	Medaka
fr2	Fugu
equCab1	Horse
anoCar1	Lizard
ornAna1	Platypus
caePb1	C. brenneri
priPac1	P. pacificus
ce4	C. elegans
cb3	C. briggsae
caeRem2	C. remanei
dm3	D. melanogaster
otoGar1	Bushbaby
tupBel1	TreeShrew
cavPor2	Guinea Pig
sorAra1	Shrew
eriEur1	Hedgehog
bosTau3	Cow
mm9	Mouse
apiMel3	A. mellifera
strPur2	S. purpuratus
danRer5	Zebrafish
ponAbe2	Orangutan
calJac1	Marmoset
bosTau4	Cow
cavPor3	Guinea Pig
braFlo1	Lancelet
petMar1	Lamprey
caeRem3	C. remanei
caePb2	C. brenneri
caeJap1	C. japonica
ce6	C. elegans
taeGut1	Zebra finch
gorGor1	Gorilla
tarSyr1	Tarsier
micMur1	Mouse lemur
dipOrd1	Kangaroo rat
speTri1	Squirrel
ochPri2	Pika
vicPac1	Alpaca
turTru1	Dolphin
myoLuc1	Little brown bat
pteVam1	Megabat
loxAfr2	Elephant
proCap1	Rock hyrax
dasNov2	Armadillo
choHof1	Sloth
hg15	Human
bosTau1	Cow
